hail thou that art highly favoured the
Lord is with thee blessed art thou among
women fear not Mary for thou hast found
favor with God
and behold thou shalt conceive and bring
forth a son and thou shalt call his name
Jesus he shall be great and shall be
called the son of the highest and the
Lord God shall give unto him the throne
of his father David and he shall reign
over the house of Jacob forever and of
his kingdom there shall be no end
how shall this be seeing that I know not
a man the Holy Ghost shall come upon me
and the power of the highest shall
overshadow thee therefore also that Holy
Child which shall be born of thee shall
be called the Son of God and behold thy
cousin Elizabeth she have also conceived
a son in her old age and this is the
sixth month with her who is called
barren for with God nothing is
impossible
behold the handmaid of the Lord
it unto me according to thy word
you